include spi artifacts in this repo. (#15)
Azure/azure-functions-java-core-library: azure-functions-java-spi/README.md

![Azure Functions Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/azure-functions-cli/master/src/Azure.Functions.Cli/npm/assets/azure-functions-logo-color-raster.png)

# SPI for Azure Java Functions

> This repo contains SPI library for building Azure Java Functions. **This library should not be used when building your function app.** 

Author: ```suggestion
This repo contains SPI for building Azure Java Functions. **This library should not be used when building your function app.** 
```

This library provides hooks to third parties supporting them to interact with function runtime during function invocation process. 

> **_This library should be used with scope as `provided`, because customer should not have transitive dependency on it_**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_This library should be used with scope as `provided`, because customers should not inherit it via a transitive dependency_**
```

> For more information about Azure Java Functions please visit the [complete documentation of Azure Functions - Java Developer Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-java) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Azure Java Functions please visit the [complete documentation of Azure Functions - Java Developer Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-java).
```

## azure-functions-maven plugin
[How to use azure-functions-maven plugin to create, update, deploy and test azure java functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/overview/azure/maven/azure-functions-maven-plugin/readme?view=azure-java-stable)

## Prerequisites

* Java 8

> ## Parent POM
> 
> Please see for details on parent POM https://github.com/Microsoft/maven-java-parent
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
